BZ#2219552: HA and node health checks (#62506)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-about-runstrategies-vms.adoc

> 

Reviewer: I believe the assembly list at the top of the file should now be updated since the module was moved. From:
```
// * virt/virtual_machines/virt-create-vms.adoc
```
to:
```
// * virt/node_maintenance/virt-about-node-maintenance.adoc
```

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="virt-about-runstrategies-vms_{context}"]
= About run strategies for virtual machines

Run strategies for virtual machines (VMs) determine how virtual machine instances (VMIs) behave under certain conditions.

You configure a run strategy by assigning a value to the `runStrategy` key in the `VirtualMachine` manifest as in the following example:

.Example run strategy
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: kubevirt.io/v1
kind: VirtualMachine
spec:
  runStrategy: Always
  template:
# ...
----

[IMPORTANT]
====
The `runStrategy` and the `running` keys are mutually exclusive. Only one of them can be used.
====

The `runStrategy` key gives you more flexibility because it has four values, unlike the `running` key, which has a Boolean value.

> .runStrategy key values

Reviewer: Backticks are allowed in `.` titles (usually block titles, but the point I believe is that it's not a section title that would appear in a TOC), so you can mark up `runStrategy` here if you like.

Per [repo guidelines](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#object-references):
> Do not use backticks or other markup in assembly or module headings. You can use backticks or other markup in the title for a block, such as a code block .Example or a table .Description title.

`Always`::
The VMI is always present when a virtual machine is created. A new VMI is created if the original stops for any reason. This is the same behavior as `running: true`.

`RerunOnFailure`::
The VMI is re-created if the previous instance fails. The instance is not re-created if the virtual machine stops successfully, such as when it is shut down.

`Manual`::
You control the VMI state manually with the `start`, `stop`, and `restart` virtctl client commands.

`Halted`::
No VMI is present when a virtual machine is created. This is the same behavior as `running: false`.

Different combinations of the `start`, `stop` and `restart` virtctl commands affect the run strategy.

The following table describes a VM's transition from different states. The first column shows the VM's initial run strategy. The remaining columns show a virtctl command and the new run strategy after that command is run.

> .Run strategy before and after virtctl commands

Reviewer: Same here re: backticks for `virtctl`.

[NOTE]
====

> If a node in a cluster installed by using installer-provisioned infrastructure fails the MachineHealthCheck and is unavailable, VMs with `runStrategy: Always` or `runStrategy: RerunOnFailure` are rescheduled on a new node.

Reviewer: Can this be:

```suggestion
If a node in a cluster installed by using installer-provisioned infrastructure fails the machine health check and is unavailable, VMs with `runStrategy: Always` or `runStrategy: RerunOnFailure` are rescheduled on a new node.
```

? Since usually the [object reference formatting](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#api-object-formatting) would be saved for something like "the `MachineHealthCheck` resource", which would read kind of awkward here in context.
